= xtree

* http://github.com/~nicb/apesplit

== DESCRIPTION:

Apesplit - a pure ruby small script which picks up an ape cue file and split the companion ape file in small ogg/vorbis chunks

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

+apesplit+ attempts to split a complete +ape+  format  audio  file  into
smaller chunks (one for each indexed piece) using  the  companion  +cue+
format file to pick up relevant info on pieces etc.  For  several  years
this has been a quick-and-dirty script speedily cooked  up  for  my  own
needs. It may now become a full fledged executable gem  if  there  is  a
sufficient request for it. Feel free to pull from it as you please.

== SYNOPSIS:

  apesplit [-a|--author 'Author Name'] <cue file>

== REQUIREMENTS:

This requires the 'optparse' gem that is normally included in every ruby
distribution, and the +ogg/vorbis+ package (in particular the +ogg123+ and
+oggenc+ executable in path).

== INSTALL:

Yep, no install procedure yet. Just pick up the script and put it where your
+PATH+ finds it.

== LICENSE:

This software is licensed through the GNU GPL license v.2

Copyright (c) 2013 Nicola Bernardini

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
